## What is M.A.P. NYC?
Mapping Agricultural Production in New York City (M.A.P. NYC) is an interactive map that showcases food production in the city. The map not only points out farm and garden locations, but also provides information on food production and distribution, technologies, labor, services to the community, and other information. M.A.P. NYC is also crowdsourced, meaning that each entry is editable by growers themselves. (To become a verified user for a specific farm or garden, see below.) In addition, the map can also display layers of basic socioeconomic data, to aid food-systems research.

M.A.P. NYC aims to help New York City reach its equity and sustainability goals by cataloging all food grown in the city in dedicated agricultural spaces (i.e., not backyards or window sills). Specifically, M.A.P. NYC was created to help inform policy recommendations concerning urban agriculture, including a baseline for the city’s local food production. While this project is focused on food, M.A.P. NYC recognizes that urban agriculture plays many vital roles beyond food production, including education, the creation of safe and inclusive community spaces, and ecosystem services.

As a public data tool, M.A.P. NYC is designed to support growers (commercial, non-profit, community, and school-based), policymakers, researchers, and others interested in urban agriculture. Along with making visible the impressive work of urban growers, the map serves to help understand gaps and opportunities in the local food landscape, and to analyze possible links between urban agriculture and food security, health outcomes, and land use.
